[Bulk] Validation Fixes (#254)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/rest-services/developer-resources.md

---
title: "REST Developer Resources | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "This article provides REST developer resources to learn more about Bing Maps, get your questions answered, and get the latest announcements."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This article provides links to Bing Maps REST developer resources such as forums, blogs, social media accounts and links to information on account issues and licensing questions.
```
